you
ok so now I am done with the bento kids
I know this all looks kind of gross I
didn't do that good of a job on pretty
much anything besides the spaghetti in
the little squid um yeah the panda looks
so sad right there but it's ok so I'm
just wanted you to taste test and try
everything until you guys would taste
like so if I were to tell you guys what
I think tastes like I would pretty much
tell you almost everything tastes sweet
i would say the spaghetti the squid in
the onigiri and the panda all tastes
like bubblegum i would say this can
taste like a starburst I don't know like
that's just how it tastes to me I don't
even know what that is but it tastes
like a fruit and then these little arm
ball thingys kind of tastes like sweet
bread and that's about it I think pretty
much tastes the same and I didn't do a
good job on it but you know that's ok
i'm not perfect and i know i'm gonna get
those common saying that the panda looks
like crap but that's ok i don't really
care so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and until next time I'll talk
to you guys later all right bye